Continue update to Stable Cadence (#266)
onflow/docs: docs/cadence/anti-patterns.mdx

There are some scenarios where using an `AuthAccount` object is necessary, such as a cold storage multi-sig,

> but those cases are extremely rare and `AuthAccount` usage should still be avoided unless absolutely necessary.

Reviewer: Maybe replace `AuthAccount` with `auth(...) &Account`

```suggestion
but those cases are extremely rare and `auth(...) &Account` usage should still be avoided unless absolutely necessary.
```

Author: Fixed in 7df3a78d27dc6f265ca7530c9bdae4370018d083
